Now, I'm going to show you a storage bucket.
There's a reason for it.
I'm going to find the component here.
You see, is it s3 bucket?
Let's see, yes.
So the s3 bucket,
I need to put it outside of your PCC.
Now, the reason why I'm putting it outside of your PCC is because AWS provide services,
s3 is a storage service where you can store
files that your applications are going to use such as;
images, video, HTML files, and similar.
But keep in mind, this is a service, a public service.
So this is going to reside outside of your private cloud context.
So what that means is if you need to access this bucket,
this storage bucket from within your private subnets
you have to have those NAT gateways so that they can access the Internet,
because even though you're still inside Amazon,
it still has to go to
the outside public Internet and send traffic to be able to reach this bucket.
So when you're doing diagrams that's a situation where you're going to see a bucket that
is placed outside of the containers and you wonder, "Why is it outside?
Should I not put it in the PCC?"
Well, the reason is you can not put it inside
the PCC because it's a service that they provide to you.
So keep that in mind,
that's why we need Internet traffic to be available for
the private subnets because you have to reach things that are
outside of the normal context.